a simple way to boost your Amazon SEO do
you have trouble gaining traction on
Amazon look you're not alone Amazon's
marketplace now has an incredible 2.5
million sellers on the platform and that
means there's a ton of competition on
there I mean you need to be mindful of
how you can boost your presence on their
website understanding Amazon and their
A10 search engine is essential A10
search engine cognition is focused on
its Revenue per quick abilities which
means every time a customer searches for
something they have to be matched with
the perfect option within Amazon catalog
much like regular SEO on search engines
like Google a10's two main ranking
factors are a sales velocity how fast a
product sells on Amazon and two keyword
Mastery how well your listing uses
relevant keywords here are a few ways to
improve your Amazon SEO ranking number
one conduct keyword research again it's
just just like regular SEO but there's
only a little difference I want you to
type in words and phrases in Amazon
search box and see what suggests it and
compile a list of relevant keywords for
similar listings look you can also use
Uber says go to ubersuggest type in
keywords because it's also pulling from
sources like Amazon and it'll suggest
other related keywords for you and this
is what's popular and trending today not
what was popular a year ago I also want
you to go to answer the public which is
pulling from a lot of these sources as
well and see what's popular today if you
also use the ubersuggest Chrome
extension whenever you do a search on
Amazon when it shows you those listed
keywords it'll show you the search
volume for those keywords as well to
give you more ideas of what is popular
and that'll help you get good keywords
that you should optimize for within your
product listing pages
two optimize your product title titles
should match the physical packaging
label aim for 60 to 80 characters don't
use all caps use numerals and don't use
subjective terms like bestseller when
you do this what you'll find is you'll
start getting more clicks the reason I
also say it has to match the packaging
is you don't have to have the exact same
title on the box but it has to match
because you don't want to deceive people
either or else you're going to get a lot
of bad reviews and returns which is
going to cause your rankings to tank
three optimize the descriptions include
brand names sizes material types colors
packaging quantity and other essential
information the more specific you get
believe it or not the better off you're
going to be with targeting new keywords
and converting a search into a click
over to your listing which generates a
sale
four optimize key product features
include up to five bullet points per
product a thousand characters in total
across all five points you don't have to
use all thousand characters but use
what's necessary don't just shove in a
thousand characters because you want
more keywords do what's necessary so
that way people can get the point as
quick as possible and of course if you
have more to say say it within there and
use up the characters when you can five
optimize for images as they say A
picture says a thousand words images
should show the product in use show
various angles and highlight different
features every detail page requires at
least one product image six images and
one video is ideal images should be
clear informative and attractive and
images should have a white background
and fill up at least 85 percent of the
image space use 500 by 500 or a thousand
by thousand pixels to increase listing
quality and make sure if you have things
like let's say a food product that
you're selling the nutrition label is
one of those images
six optimized product search terms
include generic words and no punctuation
is required stay under the length limit
which is 250 bytes for a full list of
best practices reference Amazon's own
Search terms best practices guide from
the URL on the screen and that's it if
you follow all that you're going to
start doing better with your Amazon SEO
of course things like reviews and price
they all matter as well but everyone's
fine-tuning those things the things I
mentioned here is what a lot of
companies are missing with their Amazon
listings if you just want my company to
help you with your Marketplace listings
with us on Amazon or Walmart or Target
or any of those sites we actually have a
whole team that just focuses on that at
my Ad Agency NP digital if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to help if you enjoy the video like it
share it tell the people about it thank
you very much